and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth
show excited to be joined by danny levy
today
danny is the managing director aipac for
worldwide business research
he's from the uk and he's been living in
and working in singapore for the last 10
years
he's also host of the digital
transformation and leadership podcast
and regularly speaks and moderates at
digital and live
in-person events danny a very warm
welcome sir how's it going
very well sam very well how are you yeah
all good on this and
mate um looking forward to our chat
today i think it's going to be
quite an interesting one really we're
looking at a step-by-step process a
five-step process to be precise
on how we can go from being a sales rep
to a directorship
level um and this is something a bit
close to my heart obviously close to
yours as well being an md
danny as as i know i've i've worked my
way through the trenches a fair bit even
though we're a smaller company in
comparison to yours
um kind of worked at all ends of the
spectrums really being a jack of all
trades
sdr yeah and working away doing the cold
cools and working way up to account
manager kind of business development
manager level
then kind of sales manager position
working managing a couple reps and then
eventually going on to to be a co-owner
an
md and kind of like yourself so it's
it's gonna be an exciting one
and i think there's gonna be lots of
really actionable tips we can share
or across if people really are ready for
the role
and most importantly how they can
actually make that prose progress both
with their self
the mindset side of things and the
actual kind of work they need to put in
to make it happen so yeah we'd love to
jump straight into it danny and let's
let's get started with the with the
five-step guide you've kindly put
together for us sir
very good it sounds like we're going to
be able to have some good back and forth
today so
i like that definitely yeah so i'll i'll
talk you through
the first step and then um yeah it would
be good to kind of get your get your
thoughts
but um yeah i've got five points here
that i'll that i'll talk you through so
the first point really
is is the most important thing i think
in the beginning
and you obviously can't rush um
moving up the ladder moving at the
career ladder as much as everyone wants
those kind of
shortcuts to success those hacks they
want to be able to kind of jump up as
quickly as possible
it doesn't it doesn't really happen you
know from my experience you'll only move
up
and progress when you're ready so i
think the most important thing
when when you're starting out in a sales
position or or maybe you're moving to a
new company
i think from day one the best sales
people they always want to prove
themselves
um you know they want to get they want
to get those
they want to get those sales on the
board as quickly as possible i mean the
best sales people i work with
always do sometimes that's to their own
detriment i would say
because uh you know people need to
actually
do the training they need to get their
head around things they need to
you know get fully to grips with the
product um so
you should take your time but but you
know always when i've worked with with
good salespeople it's funny they want to
they want to get that first sale in the
first week which
sometimes isn't practical but anyway i
mean so so so what you need to do really
is
you need to master the fundamentals
that's the that's my first point
yeah and there's a few things in here
that i've seen
the best sales people do that do move up
it's it's taking it really seriously
um i think for some sales
isn't a serious role especially if
you're young
some people may see it as a stop gap but
if you
if you want to move up the ranks you've
got to take it really seriously so that
means you know showing up every day
managing your time effectively um making
sure that you
you work towards achieving and hitting
your kpis
especially in the beginning i think
there's a lot of conversation around
well
do kpis really matter if you're if
you're doing what you're accountable for
or
are you smashing your targets does it
really matter if you're not hitting your
kpis i would say in the beginning it
does
so you know making sure that you're
you're hitting your kpis that you're
you're getting your props out that
you're putting everything in the crm
um working towards achieving your
targets
and it's not hitting a target one month
then missing it the next month thinking
the beginning you you should be hitting
and exceeding your targets every single
month
and the kind of grade a people the top
people what i always see them do in the
team is
is they seek out the other top
performers yeah and they ask them
you know what makes you so good what
what why are you doing so well what is
it that you do every single day
and then those kind of top performers
those people that are really self-aware
they make sure that they replicate that
and then they exceed it
they they go they go beyond that um so
it's really being self-worth being
humble as well you know you've got to be
humble
um definitely and that that's throughout
your career right you have to be humble
even even me you know i'm uh at the top
of the ladder at the moment but
there's a lot of value even now you know
people young people coming into the team
they've got different experiences to me
it's all about sometimes revenge reverse
mentoring right me going to them and
saying
well what what kind of a lens would you
put on this how would you do this
and just being being open to that not
having an ego again
i think if you want to move at the level
that's super important
um and then also you know around
mastering the fundamentals it's
it's having that growth mindset so
having that hunger to learn
um but also apply your learning so
i know there's a lot of conversation
around podcasts listening to podcasts
doing doing trainings
and reading books and all that kind of
stuff which is great i think you need to
do that as well but then it's also about
applying those learnings
as well which i think is which is super
important and
pushing your colleagues forward and and
in the beginning as well building your
domain expertise
becoming an expert so buy is now are
really educated
they're super educated at the moment
buyers you can find a lot of things out
by going to someone's website reading
about the product
uh looking at reviews by the time they
actually sometimes get to you
uh if it's an inbound lead they're very
educated right they want to deal with
educated sellers so again i think
if you want to move up the ladder be as
educated as possible be that expert
uh and through the health pandemic as
well you know buyers uh
they have a bit more fear than they used
to um so i think you know
as a seller you need to be able to guide
them through the the buying process
um and if you want to move up cruella
don't limit your learnings to sales
right
look at leadership look at marketing
look at production
um whatever it is within your own
respective organization and
and talk to these colleagues in these
departments to figure out what it is
they're doing
and how you can make the biggest impact
to what they're doing how they can make
the biggest impact to what you're doing
again just having that open mindset
don't work in a silo
um it's that's all really really
important so i think
that that's kind of like the key stuff
for me around kind of mastering the
fundamentals
there's so many ways i could take this
danny so some awesome tips there
right from kind of entry-level sales
reposition
to perhaps more senior that you've
covered there
and if i had all these tips when i first
started out i'm sure my performance
would be a heck of a lot better
um because i remember it takes me back
to one of the first
sales calls i've made i think i've
probably said this on the show perhaps
in one of the earlier episodes
but when i um when i first started
working for webchoice when i literally
was an entry level sales rep
i got handed an inbound lead that came
through from one of the companies we
used to purchase leads off
and literally i had no clue what i was
doing i was sweating away i was proper
nervous
i'm in annaring didn't really know what
to say answered the call
and it was someone that wanted a website
that was basically the equivalent of
linkedin
and okay they were asking all these
questions like sam can the website do
this sam can the website do that i need
it to do x y and z so it basically needs
to be one of the most complex websites
ever i
i yes manned my way through the whole
call said yeah yeah that's fine that's
fine because i was so nervous didn't
know what else to say
i ended up selling this huge web
platform for about 500 quid
um luckily over time he he let us uh
move that budget into other projects we
didn't need to deliver it
so i i escaped that that absolute um
disaster but it takes me batman but yeah
so many good points
around time management around kpis
which i kind of agree with that at the
start i think if you've got
as long as you've got solid management
around you
that are actually entailing sensible
kpis whether it's do this many dials a
day do this many emails
follow up this many clients as long as
as long as they're not ridiculous then
yeah it makes sense to stick to those
they put them in place for a reason and
it's probably going to help you
especially
on your first few days um seeking out
top performers
really like that that's something and
that links into
the fact that you've said about being
humble which again something i wish i
did did a lot more in my earlier days
because i know when i was younger
i like to think that i was always right
when it when it turns out when like you
say when you take a step back
and you actually ask for other people's
perspective be it people from yourselves
or your marketing team on what they
think on x y and z or if you've got an
issue asking for their opinion just
helps so much and like you said it
allows you to look at things
for another lens check your ego at the
door
it doesn't do you any good exactly yeah
yeah exactly
so sometimes you've got to learn the
hard way on those kind of things
yeah um yeah so seeking out top
performers so especially if you're new
to
sales and you've got performers in there
that are topping the sales
boards topping the leaderboards then
obviously they know what they're doing
or they're doing something right so say
look can i
can i sit up a bit with you can we can i
take you out for a beer can you grab
some lunch and can i pick your brains
on on what you're doing or how you're
learning or how you're making this
happen
and then like you said the growth
mindset reading books
reading podcast or listening to podcasts
or another thing i'd add to that is
understanding which
which way you consume content the best
so yeah which i've said before i'm i'm
very very very slow at reading
so i like to do podcasts so work out
what works best for you whether it's
consuming via video
or checking out books or audio so yeah i
really love those points dude all right
let's let's mix it up let's get to
number two sir
very good good recap so so number two is
bit of a
mash-up but the two things within number
two so there's a bonus point in there
but
i think the first thing is that you need
to lead by example
you might not have the job title
associated at this stage with
a manager or with a leader but i think
it doesn't mean that you can't
be someone that others in the team look
up to so again maybe going back to some
of the areas in that first point right
you're doing all the right things
um at the top of the leaderboard yeah
you're doing things without being asked
to do them you just know you need to do
them
and i think your senior management will
notice this
it becomes very apparent when you have
someone
in your team that's just kind of taking
charge and taking ownership
and over achieving every month you know
you've got a real kind of top quality
person
on your hand so so i would say you know
lead
without being told that you need to lead
and take initiative
um your superiors will be so happy that
you've got someone in the team that does
that right and maybe goes off and
if they've got an idea maybe they go off
and test the idea and
get some proof points and get some proof
of concept and then they come back and
propose the idea i mean that's
that's amazing you know you've got
someone good on your hands when they
when they go off and do that and then
the other bonus point here is
is again i get yourself a personal
development plan
so either when you're going into the
organization maybe it's something you
agree
um you know during the final steps of
the interview or maybe it's something
you agree after maybe the first three
months kind of more probationary
trial period but i think this is really
important so you you sit down with your
manager and
and either there is already a
development plan that the company has
um but if there isn't get them to put
together uh
a kind of bespoke tailored personal
development plan for you
so you can get in agreement with them
wait where's your career headed
where where are you gonna be in in 12
months if you achieve uh certain
milestones and certain
uh certain targets where are you gonna
be in in three years time
where are you going to be in five years
time i think having that clarity and
and being in agreement with your manager
on you know getting on the same page
as early as possible so that you can
work towards achieving your goals
that's super important and if you if
you're at a company that
that backs you and you've got a company
that does that i think you know you're
in the right place
so then my kind of two bonus points for
for the second one dude i love both
those points um
the first one i'd like to dive in a bit
more depth too so taking charge what
does that actually look like danny
so does that just mean for example we're
taking initiative
so perhaps we've um we've worked
ourselves an appointment or a meeting
with a project that's a bit above our
head so does that mean we're going out
perhaps at home doing a bit more
research into the client
doing research into the strategies that
we can tackle to perhaps
win the deal and then maybe talking to
our peers
or our management about what they
recommend to help us structure a plan to
win this project and win this deal or
is it kind of becoming a manager before
a manager and starting
advising our colleagues and what to do
or is it is it something in between
what would you recommend it's in between
it's um
it's it's advising people maybe within
the team that
aren't as experienced as you or maybe
are um
just how to do things so maybe they can
hear you on the phone or they used to be
able to when we were in the office they
can hear you on the phone you
you might look at their proposal um that
before they send it out be able to give
them some advice
um check an email or look at a subject
header all that kind of stuff
is that's that's that's leadership
without being told to lead
um which is really important i think
when it when it comes to that growth
mindset again
and the other thing is um that you
touched on there
is if you've got a deal or you're in a
challenging moment
not going to your manager with the
problem
and expecting your manager to solve it
for you
going to your manager with the problem
but you've
already come up with two to three
possible solutions
and you're proposing those solutions to
the manager
and asking them to pick which one is the
best one and if it isn't
they've got something better at least
you've done your work ahead of time
and you've shown that you're a problem
solver you've got that self-awareness
you won't rise up the ranks if you're
always throwing problems at your manager
and adding on extra work for them
although although that is the manager's
job they won't
you probably won't get promoted if
that's how you do things yeah so
bringing fresh ideas to the table
rather than just just asking for input
and on the second point danny
it's a personal development plan again
this i really like that
so like you said whether it's the
interview stage whether you're actually
saying
when you're taking a sales position um
where can i get to in 12 months
24 months 36 months time
um and also i guess even better is if
you actually craft that with them
so for example one of the best managers
that i had
when i worked for a um marketing company
doing just a
data rental for for telesales and leads
that kind of company um although he was
he's probably the best manager but also
the worst manager
that i had so he was he was a little bit
toxic in the sense that he was a bit of
an alcoholic and all that without going
in too much detail
but he helped me out a lot um and he did
help me get my mortgage for for a first
home which we are now
so how did he do that well he said he
sat me down in one of the first meetings
we had
after i'd not long joined the company
and said look sam where do you want to
go with this job
i said well i'd like to earn money i'd
like to do xyz you know the
all the usual stuff a youngster would do
when they're in sales but he said no
where do you really want to go there so
i said well in a few couple years time
i'd like to have enough money to get a
deposit for a mortgage to
get a house with my girlfriend he said
right here's how we're gonna do it
um month three you're gonna hit this
month six you're gonna hit this
and by one year you can have enough
money and then at the end of the time
we did it in eight years so we broke the
target because he sat down with me
to put a step-by-step plan into making
that vision that i had at the time a
reality
so being able to craft those plans
doesn't have to be a house it could be
that you want to
step up to management level it could be
you want to do something else you want
to be able to afford xyz or whatever it
is
but having that conversation like you
say with your management so you can
actually make those visions of reality
and put
together a clear plan is so useful and
also shows them that you've got the
initiative like you say
um so yeah bring brings you one both
great points mate let's let's get to
point three
sounds good let's do it uh so point
number three
uh is find a mentor or several
so so get get a number of uh business
mentors so i've been lucky enough to
have
several in my career and for me this was
always people in
in my organizations whether it's my
current organization or previous
organizations there were people that
were more senior to me
they the good thing about them was that
they'd had varied backgrounds
so they would they were in sales or they
they'd had management experience
marketing experience general management
experience
and either they were direct line reports
or they were someone
in a different department who were a
little bit more senior to me
and i was able to talk to them just on
kind of a daily weekly
monthly basis just bounce ideas off of
them discuss
challenges learn from their experience
and how they would overcome basically
things that maybe i was facing at the
time maybe i was in a difficult moment
or had a difficult decision
um or i was grappling with a with a
management choice
and and i could i know i knew i could
always kind of go to these people
and and discuss these things with them
kind of off the record and
i think the most important thing is that
there's with these people is there's no
judgment
so yeah you can share your problems
maybe they'll share their problems with
you i think
in the beginning a mentor is someone
that's giving you advice
and over time it actually becomes a
relationship where you give each other
advice
because you obviously develop that kind
of friendship and
i think it's really important when
you're starting out to kind of find
someone like this
find a mentor that's kind of willing to
bet big on you
and invest that time so it'll make a
massive difference in your career if you
can find
these people um but now you know with
social networks
things like linkedin you don't have to
rely on your own company
you can build a professional network you
can you can reach out to people within
this network
uh and and build relationships with them
i mean we met on linkedin right i mean
um and i hope we can keep the
conversation going after this but
you know it's it's people like that that
maybe are in different industries
or or have experience that you're
looking to get towards
it it's those kind of people that you
should be reaching out to and
and really you can benefit from from
their experience so i think
get yourself a mentor or several mentors
um
and yeah moving on that subject a bit
further danny
are we talking about seeking out people
that we perhaps respect or that have
been where we want to get to um and are
we talking about
paying for mentors are we talking about
people perhaps starting with like you
said within our network perhaps on
linkedin
or perhaps in our organization at a
higher level um do we approach them and
say look i really like what you're doing
would you mind spending 30 minutes with
me
um to help me understand how i can
achieve ex or how did you go about it
when when you first looked to seeker
mentor
so i mean for me i've only ever had
mentors to be honest with you within
the companies i've worked for so
i i've not really had too many mentors
just through linkedin to be honest with
you
but um maybe i'm a little bit older but
i think the way i kind of went about
finding mentors was maybe going back to
that first point people that were the
that were the top performance people
that were the best within the
organization or
or maybe it was people that were kind of
two or three rings above me in the
organizational ladder
um that had achieved a lot and were
maybe where i wanted to get to
in three to five years and it was these
people that i
you know just got to know really
professionally first and then personally
and you know just make sure that i was
catching up with them
every week um you know talking to some
about things i was facing and getting
that feedback and
and i think over time you have to make
sure it goes both ways
you can't just be you know expected to
take all the time
and give nothing back so i do think you
know it has to develop
after a certain point and you have to
make it a win-win for them
and that would apply to someone in
linkedin you can't expect to reach out
to someone on linkedin
and just take take take their time and
you know for them to not expect anything
back in return so maybe if i was doing
it now on linkedin
i wouldn't maybe be going after someone
that's super senior or like an
influencer because it's very doubtful
they're gonna
they're gonna get back to you and give
their time so so maybe someone that's
within your industry that you respect
but maybe you know is is approachable
and might have some time to give you
yeah yeah exactly or if you've run a
podcast or some kind of interview series
just invite them on that
and they'll that's it they'll get free
exposure and you'll get the answers you
need
content content-based networking that's
uh that's the one check james carvery
our friend the sweet voice yeah good
book
yeah exactly right nice work cool all
right that was that was good man
really good tips in terms of linkedin in
terms of working within your
organization and
either leverage from where you are now
or leverage linkedin or social to
to find who you want to connect with and
and learn from and make it valuable not
just for yourself but obviously for them
yeah something longevity from it cool
okay
we're nearly done number four please sir
number four
is develop your people skills i think
it's
it's no good saying that you want to
move into management
if you don't actually enjoy working with
other people
um i think a lot of people have this
glamorous
idea of management but the reality is
that if you're
if you're managing people other people
it brings unique challenges
um i think the difference is when when
you're just selling if you
if you if you're just selling and you're
kind of focused on your own needs and
your own goals and your own targets um
it's only really your own challenges
that you're having to grapple
but the minute you step into a
management position
you're having to put the needs of others
first so it's quite different
um and i think when you're in a sales
role right you can take all the glory
um you get the recognition but when
you're in a management draw that's not
really the case you've got to enable
other people and you've got to help them
look good
yeah so so my advice really is that
i mean i've seen many times the mistake
people make is that they might
they might be the top sales performer
and they might be
at that point now where they're they're
ready to step into that that managerial
role and it might be their first
experience of management
and the company backs them they say yep
okay it's time for you to step up it's
time to go into the management role
um but they but they don't know right if
they're going to actually be a good
manager because the best sales rep
doesn't necessarily make
the best manager the best coach and what
happens is that the sales
person steps into that managerial
position
and then after three months after six
months actually
it doesn't work right they don't enjoy
management they flop
their team doesn't perform well and
actually what happens is that person
ends up leaving the organization
because they feel like they failed and
all of a sudden the organization's lost
its star sales person and it's lost a
manager
so i think if you if you're in a sales
position
and you're this kind of you are in this
in this position if you're the start
performer
my advice would always be to
take your first managerial role on a
trial basis
yeah get everyone on the same page so
that both parties basically say
look we're gonna you're gonna move you
into this role we're gonna give you all
the training all the support we're there
for you but
if it doesn't work out in three to six
months or if you're not enjoying it
then you can kind of step back into your
previous role with no questions asked
and i think this is really good because
it gives you a taste of that managerial
position
lets you experience it lets you see if
you've got the attributes to
to really take off and if it doesn't you
can step back in and it kind of just
takes the pressure off
um and maybe the other thing i'd
recommend is if you're stepping into a
managerial role where you're not
managing a big team
is to maybe keep selling because i think
again
some people maybe miss that part of the
job when they go into a managerial and
it i think if you can keep selling it
gives you that kind of player coach
type role where you can kind of lead by
example and show your team that you're
you're still kind of in the trenches
you're still doing it uh on a daily
basis
so i think that's quite important as
well and i think the other thing to bear
in mind is that
um not all star sales reps
should go into management some are
actually better working independently
on a strong portfolio getting the
recognition
you know smashing their targets um
there might be someone that other people
in the team look up to but they're not
the person that should be the manager
and there's nothing wrong with this you
know you just need to have the
self-awareness that
and you need to admit to yourself that
management isn't for you you forge your
own path and you can still get yourself
a personal development
plan it's just that that plan may lead
you in a different direction that isn't
managing a big team of people
so again it's it's having that kind of
self-awareness
um developing those people skills and if
it isn't for you
that's not a bad thing you know being
being the manager being the managing
director isn't feel and end all
if your attributes are different you've
pretty much answered all the questions i
could have had
before i raised them danny so that was
class um i love the trial aspect
so i was gonna say look how do you how
do you taste management
if you are like you say a good sales
performer you've been picked out to be
the sales manager
and if you don't like it because you
like you love selling so much and then
when when
it comes to actually managing a set of
sales reps
and obviously you've got then five ten
quotas or however many in the team on
your head
it's a completely different kettle of
fish right so instead of doing
very different and you're dealing with
very different personalities at that
stage
you know everyone's different you've got
you'll have people in your team who are
massive promoters you have people in
your team who are
very controlling you like people who
seem that are analyzers and when you
step into that managerial role you
all these different personalities you
know it's it's a very different thing
there to get the best out of your team
to be supporting to be that kind of
player coach
person lead by example to train and
develop
from a role before where you were just
selling it's so so different
so yeah and on the flip side
definitely on the flip side of that how
do you keep
the especially if you're in in sales um
how do you keep the respect of your team
if because like you said if you've got a
smaller team perhaps you can carry your
own quota
as well as managing a smaller team of
sales people
but if you've got a massive team and
you're full-on
so you're managing pretty much having
meetings and managing making sure
they're hitting their query all day
and you don't actually carry a sales
quota anymore
how do you keep that respect so if
you're not hitting the phones hitting
email hitting social doing whatever you
do as part of your role to generate
opportunities generate meetings and get
deals over the line and business closed
how do you maintain their respect when
you're not actually in the trenches like
you said doing the work
you're just telling people how to do it
you still get your hands dirty
you can still join customer calls you
can still go to meetings
i think it's also having again i keep
talking about self-awareness but when
you meet with your team
your role is not to go through their
pipeline
talk about their forecast what's coming
in that week
and and give them loads of grief and
tell them that they're
they need to close x amount more deals
to hit their target that month and put
loads of pressure on
and then that's the end of the meeting
that that is not the role of the
of the sales manager the role of the
sales manager is to
check in on their people you know make
sure they're okay especially at the
moment for the health pandemic there's a
lot of mental
health issues and that's that's super
important you've got to make sure that
that everything's aligned so your team
can fire but i think really the most
important thing is
when there's friction points um when
there's something
going on with someone maybe they're in a
busy moment and
they actually just need a bit of help
that is the time that you
as the managers step in and you take
work off them
so that they can do what they're
accountable for and you do the work
yourself
you know you don't sit in your your
ivory tower
and just give give more work and expect
them to
keep taking it and hitting their targets
right you have to
treat them fair tr respect them
and step in to do the work when you need
to and i think if you do that and you're
also
on customer calls you're listening to
their tapes you're giving that feedback
you're giving them coaching you're
developing them
you're giving them their personal
development plan and you're working
towards goals together
you should have the respect of your team
even if you're not selling yourself
spot on nice one mate okay fifth and
final point
fifth and final point is a split cliche
but it's very very true
is that you have to believe in yourself
if you don't believe in yourself
you will not climb the ladder of your
organization
so i think the main thing is that
opportunities will come your way if
you've kind of followed
the last few points that i've gone
through opportunities will be offered to
you
but i think sometimes we're our own
worst critics
and maybe when you're offered the
opportunity to step up
uh or or take a role maybe you feel like
oh i'm not ready or they've got the
wrong person
but i think if you don't grasp things
with two hands when they're offered to
you
then that opportunity might be offered
to someone else and you might miss out
for good so
you know for me i was offered um
i was offered the role of general
manager in singapore and i was working
in london
when i was 25 years old i was offered
the
the chance to move over to singapore to
set up and run an office here
um i did not feel ready but but i jumped
at the opportunity
and it was one of the best decisions i
ever made because
if i hadn't taken that opportunity that
time you know who knows where i'd be now
and i've been living in in singapore for
the past 10 years ever since
taking that role and that that saying
yes to that it gave me so much
experience yes i was throwing it at the
deep end
and yes i did have to figure a lot of
things out
as i went but if i hadn't said yes to
that i then wouldn't have started
my own business at 27 in singapore and
then i wouldn't have been able to move
into the position of managing director
at wbr when i was when i was 30. so so
my advice is that
you'll always feel like you're not ready
um but the thing is
i think it's really important to
remember everybody feels like this
i think a lot of people are figuring
things out as they go
they're figuring out things on the fly
so
so so if you're offered an opportunity
and clearly the person that's offering
it to you believes in you
and they believe you can do it just just
take it grasp it with both hands
and and figure it out as you go and
learn as you go and
i'm sure you'll you'll be a star because
because obviously you are
that's it yeah you've got to have that
belief and like you said
you're not always going to have all the
answers straight away right so sometimes
you have to learn on the job
as many of us do in sales in marketing
we're learning as we go
as things aren't set in stones there's
always things that we can improve on
which brings us back to the
the first few points from being humble
and learning from who's around us
um and keep saying yes keep jumping
right i mean you know you'll get other
opportunities offered just just keep
jumping
keep believing in yourself that's it and
do you think there's ever a point
so if things aren't looking at it from
another perspective if
things aren't presenting themselves in
front of you
so we're doing all these things that
we've talked about on the show um
we know the opportunities are there yeah
but they haven't been
not handed on a plate but they haven't
necessarily we haven't had conversations
with our management or director level
team
um about those is there a way or any
advice you could offer us danny on how
we can strike up those conversations
once we've been putting in the work and
we've shown that we're keen we've shown
our results through our efforts that we
are ready
is there a way we should go about having
such chats with our management or direct
level team
i think if you're doing all of those
things and you're you're a star within
the organization already
i think you've got to have you've got to
have the ability to know the right time
and the way in which you bring it up i
think i think when you do bring it up
with your senior management
you can present the facts you can say
well you know
i'm doing i'm doing this i'm doing x y
and z i think most organizations
would have kind of um annual reviews
yeah so so for me you know in the annual
review or maybe it's a six month review
or a quarterly review
you should always be again agreeing in
those reviews your
key development points your key
milestones and where people want you to
be
in three months six months 12 months
time and again if you're hitting those
key milestones
if you're achieving that then i think
it's so much easier to have these
conversations with your senior
management
so again a simple similar to the
personal development plan
just get everyone on the same page right
get that clarity get that transparency
that's the most important thing i think
if you've got the transparency
then it's easy to have these
conversations the problem arises if
there's no transparency
and you don't know where you're headed
and you don't know what the next six
months are going to look like
that's where it's more difficult to have
these conversations yeah
bring us back full circle really to
talking about the putting together the
plan
with your management team the vision
where you want to go and then like you
said just just present the data present
the facts
show them what you've achieved and then
i guess if they don't agree you can
always look elsewhere and find some
a company that will will allow you that
progress 100
cool man danny this has been an absolute
pleasure thoroughly enjoyed the
conversation my friend
so thanks again for coming on um now how
can everyone learn from yourself
how can they connect with you and what's
the best way to get in touch
i mean i'm gonna probably say the same
thing as all of you guess the best way
to get in touch with me
is linkedin um danny levy on linkedin
shoot me a message i normally reply very
quickly to linkedin messages i'll get
back to you i'll accept your connection
request
and i have a podcast it's called digital
transformation and leadership
if you listen to podcasts i think you
can find them here
same as you sam and uh yeah i'd love it
if you if you check out the podcast and
give me a list
cool dude if you could pick just one
digital marketing channel to generate
business from which would be your
channel of choice
linkedin for me yeah it would have to be
linkedin yeah
it's uh it generates so much uh business
and interest for
my company and for my podcast and for my
personal brand
it's uh it's really invaluable it's the
b2b go to for most of our guests
it is it is let's hope the algorithm
doesn't change again
danny thank you once again sir i really
appreciate it thank you sam thanks for
having me
cheers and if you enjoyed the show be
sure to subscribe to business growth
show
wherever the heck you get your podcast
from we interview business leaders each
and every week to provide you actionable
tips to grow yourselves
make best use of marketing and help your
business grow thank you once again for
tuning in